About the 3taps Python API Wrappers
-----------------------------------

The 3taps Python API wrappers make it easy to access the 3taps API via Python.
Everything you need can be found in the "threetaps" package; simply include
this package, either directly into your source tree or place it somewhere on
your Python path.  You can then import the relevant parts of the package like
this:

    import threetaps.api.base
    import threetaps.api.clients
    import threetaps.api.models

You need to set the AUTH_TOKEN constant in threetaps.api.base.constants.py.

Pre-Requisites
--------------

The threetaps API wrapper library requires the "simplejson" JSON parsing
library written by Bob Ippolito.  If you are using Python 2.6 or greater, you
can comment out the "import simplejson as json" lines at the start of the
source files, as simplejson has been made available as a Python standard
library module starting with Python version 2.6.

Simplejson can be found at:

    http://pypi.python.org/pypi/simplejson


Documentation
-------------

Full API documentation for the threetaps package can be found in the "docs"
directory.  The documentation is in HTML format; simply open the "index.html"
file in your web browser, and you can drill down to see the API documentation
for the various parts of the threetaps library.

If for whatever reason you need to regenerate the documentation, you can do
this by executing the following from the command line:

    python generateDocs.py

This will automatically create the documentation out of the embedded docstrings
in the python source files.


Unit Testing
------------

A complete set of unit tests have been provided, in the "tests" sub-directory.
To run through all the unit tests, you can use the "runTests.py" script:

    python runTests.py


License
-------

The threetaps Python library and related files, including the unit tests and
the documentation files, are all copyright (c) 2011 3taps inc. 

This software is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at 

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

